first you take 2.5 centimeters of grated
fresh ginger just pop that in along 2
cloves of garlic 2 tablespoons of
Muscovado should always a wonderful word
Muscovado a good pinch of allspice now
you got a little bit more if you like
that sort of cinnamony nutmeggy flavor
just bring a little bit more Beth in
there 2 tablespoons of pineapple juice
and a couple of tablespoons of oil there
I'm not using olive oil here to ground
or sunflower oil refine you don't need
that sort of olive e flavor in here at
all because it's overtaken by the next
ingredient ramp boy does that make a
difference couple of tablespoons of them
round just pour that in there like that
mmm it's smelling good just give that a
bit of a mix now people be wondering why
uncle's port Calypso Ainslie where every
time my uncle's used to come and visit
us used to hear my mother sort of shout
out what the door and my uncles would be
there and as they opened the door the
aroma of this would just hit their
nostrils as it sort of came off the
barbecues it Y Pepe which is my mother
that poor Calypso smells sweet girl ha
ha ok let's have a little bit of
seasoning first little bit of pepper and
some salt give that a good mix up there
now just crush down all those little
nuggets there that you sometimes get
from the Muscovado sugar
there's crush them down stir that in and
then pop your pork chops into the
marinade
and to really push that down
turn them over make sure you pick up all
that flavor all around your meat that's
it and the beauty of this is that you
could pop it in your fridge with a bit
of cling film on top for about 24 hours
to let all that flavor really penetrate
through or indeed leave for a couple of
hours and then just slap it onto your
barbie now talking about marinades and
talking about flavors it doesn't just
have to stop with what you put on your
meat it can come from your coals now
just look what I've got here I've got a
whole array of woods there that help to
add flavor to your meat first here we've
got a mesquite type of wood which oh
that's a lovely aroma coming from that
next to it there is hickory wood ah and
some oak lovely this one's very similar
to the pop Puri isn't it and it really
got OH
lovely smell to it you can just sprinkle
them on your coals and fill the air with
gorgeous aromas all of these are
available in bags or tubes at your
supermarket or your little sort of
hardware corner shop if you want
something that you might find at home
how about some peelings of some of your
citrus fruits like limes lemons or
indeed oranges I'm just going to throw a
few of those onto my body to give it a
lovely flavor I'm gonna put in some
robust herbs like rosemary perhaps even
a bit of thyme that's not a sort of very
tough resilient herb and they will
flavor your meat or fish or vegetables
beautifully excellent
now let's pop on our pork chops just let
them cook about six or seven minutes
each side delightful
now with this marinade here you don't
just want to discard it you really want
to use it as a basis basically get on
top of your meat throughout the course
of the cooking you just have your
pasting brush every now and then you can
just turn them over that's six or seven
minutes each side just for pasting this
you go to get all those lovely flavours
in fact let it drizzle on a little bit
there we are